Add 2020 stats and community update (#1413)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/2021-community-kickoff.rst

* Our speakers pulled together to record videos and handle live online Q&A.
* Our team pulled together to run virtual events that exceeded our expectations for what those events could be.
* Our attendees, most importantly, made our virtual events *feel* like our conferences, with a supportive and generous spirit.

2020 has been a hard year,
but we wanted to take this chance to give thanks to those who made 2020 a special year.
We feel incredibly lucky to be able to support this wonderful community,
and we look forward to making 2021 the best year yet,
with your help.

.. _ticket choices: https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2020/ticket-choices/

Looking forward
---------------

One of the largest things we noticed in 2020 was how much more support our community needed.
As we scrambled to move our events online,
people were also adjusting to working remotely for the first time.
We saw lots of activity in our Slack network,
as people were trying to connect online.
Meetups slowly adjusted,
trying to move online and keep some momentum going.

Write the Docs itself was able to provide similar value as in the past,

> but we didn't have the resources to adjust to the changing world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but we had limited resources to adjust to the changing world.
```

The profits from our conferences pay for everything we do,
which constrains our ability to adjust to events as they happen.

We are planning a way for our community to support the organization directly.
We are proud that all the content that Write the Docs produces is free to everyone,
and we don't plan to change that any time soon.
The goal for 2021 is to be able to provide additional support to our community,

> paid for by members in that community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
funded by members in that community, who are able to contribute.
```
The second addition feels a bit wonky wording, but I feel we should help people who can't contribute feel just as welcome in the future. Maybe the previous sentence covers that enough though.

We're still working out the details,
and will be posting a `WEP`_ soon to ask the community for feedback.
We hope that you'll support us in building a community that is better able to support you.

.. _WEP: https://www.writethedocs.org/blog/introducing-weps/

Write the Docs Quorum Meetups
-----------------------------

One of the first things we're excited about this year is an evolution of our meetups: Quorum meetups.
These quarterly, remote, "super" meetups are an hour long and include a presentation by a speaker followed by breakout networking.

> Write the Docs is running two Quorum pilot programs for 2021:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the Docs is running three Quorum pilot programs for 2021:
```
I know that only two are specifically planned, but "two" and then three bullets feels weird?

Events are free and open to all.
Quarterly meetups will typically occur at 7:00p.m. local time on a Monday through Thursday evening.

If you are a local meetup organizer in the these timezones who would like to learn more about what is required to participate,
or are located in EMEA and would like to know if the program expands to your time zones,
contact Alyssa Rock on the Write the Docs Slack network.

You can read more about these meetups in the `quorum meetups GitHub repository`_.

.. _quorum meetups GitHub repository: https://github.com/write-the-docs-quorum/quorum-meetups

Other community updates
-----------------------

We have shared our high-level community stats for the past 4 years,
and will continue to do it each year going forward.
You can view our 2020 stats on our blog at :doc:`/write-the-docs-2020-stats`.

We're still accepting `talk proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2021/cfp/#submit-your-proposal>`_ for our virtual Portland conference, April 25-27.

> Especially if you've not been able to attend due to travel logistics, or if you've not spoken before we'd love to hear your voice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Especially if you've not been able to attend due to travel logistics, or if you've not spoken before we'd love to hear your voice. The virtual conference format means you can speak from anywhere, though it's ideal if you are close to the local time in Portland.
```
